This kind of trash, you dare to be the best with me
Who are you fooling?
Miss, please handle it with care
This rotten street stuff
You told me to be careful
Miss, you don't have to buy it.
But don't talk nonsense
What do you mean?
Say I don't know the goods.
Do you know who I am?
He is the daughter of your night market group
You be careful
I respect every guest
But this bracelet is really expensive
What do you mean?
Do you think I can't afford it?
You a broken salesperson should be riding on my head
The poor today
It's getting more and more presumptuous
Offended him
Be careful with your job
aunt
He is just fulfilling the duty of a lover
Is this for you to chime in?
I would like to ask
Here's your part.
This bracelet is what I want to give to my aunt.
If your daughter doesn't like it, you can choose another one.
Don't bump your hands
Sorry god
Haha, you are a broken stone.
Is it a gift in the eyes of you poor people?
How ridiculous in my eyes
Shit is not
Miss, don't smash it again
Ye Meng, don't go too far
If you don't buy it, just let it go.
I don't let this be
Otherwise, this lady is going to smash the beard.